/**

\mainpage The Engduino

The Engduino is an inexpensive Arduino clone that is intended primarily
for teaching schoolchildren about programming and system development in
a way that is engaging, fun and that can integrate with other parts of
their curriculum.

To make things relatively straightforward, we have hidden a lot of details
about the hardware in libraries which can be called from within a sketch in
a relatively simple and straightforward way. This is Doxygen-generated
documentation that provides the essential documentation of library
functionality. It is not intended for children learning to program, but it
provides a point of reference for the more sophisticated developer.

There are 5 libraries for the Engduino, corresponding to the hardware devices
connected.


\section Engduino-mainpage-LEDs The LEDs
The Engduino has 16 LEDs with independent red, green and blue channels. The
LED driver is used to set the colour and brightness of the LEDs

\sa \ref EngduinoLEDs "The Engduino LED Documentation"


\section Engduino-mainpage-button The Button
The Engduino has a single button. Unfortunately, when pressed, buttons bounce
and so just reading the voltage on the pin connected to the button can be
misleading. This library provides some code for 'debouncing' - in essence
providing a reading of the button that is stable and accurately reflects
whether it is pushed or not.

\sa \ref EngduinoButton "The Engduino Button Documentation"


\section Engduino-mainpage-thermistor The Thermistor
The Engduino has a thermistor - which is a device whose resistance depends
on the temperature. This is connected in such a way as to allow the Engduino
to measure temperature. This library provides the ability to read the
temperature in a number of forms: CELSIUS (default), KELVIN and FARENHEIT

\sa \ref EngduinoThermistor "The Engduino Thermistor Documentation"


\section Engduino-mainpage-accelerometer The Accelerometer
The Engduino has a 3D accelerometer. As the name suggests, this allows
one to read accelerations in each of 3 dimensions, which are defined in
terms of the orientation of the accelerometer package. This is a library
that simply returns the acceleration in each of those three dimensions.

\sa \ref EngduinoAccelerometer "The Engduino Accelerometer Documentation"


\section Engduino-mainpage-IR The IR
Finally, the Engduino has the ability to communicate with another Engduino
wirelessly - but using infra-red rather than radio, a bit like a remote
control. The range of this communication is very short - a metre or so -
but it is possible for the Engduino to pick up normal remote controls from
a much greater distance.


\sa \ref EngduinoIR "The Engduino Infrared Communications Documentation"



*/
